Update readme.txt for v1.5.0 (#6829)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: readme.txt

For the plugin's full changelog, please see [the Releases page on GitHub](https://github.com/google/web-stories-wp/releases).

= 1.5.0 =

**Release Date:** March 18, 2021.

> * New feature: new Gutenberg blocks for displaying your stories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: new enhanced Gutenberg block for displaying your stories.
```

It's a single block. Might also want to mention the other new features of this project. So more like

```suggestion
* New feature: new enhanced Gutenberg block, widget and theme integrations for displaying your stories in creative ways.
```

Reviewer: @amedina perhaps you have some good suggestion for the changelog item here?
